hey guys it's Jay here at ET language we
talked to thousands and thousands of
people taking English language exams
including the IELTS and it's normal to
get somebody in who has like eight eight
eight 6.5 in writing in fact it happened
to me I got 9 98.5 6.5 in writing I
couldn't believe it I sent it back and
they gave me 7.5 but I still couldn't
believe it anyway I took the IELTS again
on the weekend because I want to get
straight 9 so I want to see if an
English language speaker an English
language teacher can get straight nines
I want to see if that's possible
and I realized something massively
important while doing IELTS writing task
2 and I think it's probably probably the
most important tip that you can get
about this that is I think most people
are not writing to the word count let me
show you why this is the single piece of
paper that you get on test day okay for
task 2 this is side 1 look at that you
get like 16 lines there and then on side
2 you get another page now on test day
you're given one of these so you've got
side 1 and side 2 and that is it I
counted my words on test day and do you
know how many words I can fit on side 1
and side 2 a hundred and seventy so I
was eighty words short of the 250 word
limit on test day and I had to raise my
hand : invigilator over who then gave me
a second piece of paper I had to fill
out my name and the candidate number in
the testing center and the date and it
took about two or three minutes and I
did not see anybody else ask for another
piece of paper and so I can I assume
that everybody unless they're rioting
was really small
I assume that everybody wrote below the
word-count seems like a simple thing
right I mean if you're going to write an
essay of 250 words you probably should
be given enough paper to write 250 words
I think having to ask for second piece
of paper to meet the word count is
unfair anyway let me know what you think
please write into the comments below
what you think about this share this
video with your friends because I think
it may be the single most important tip
for IELTS writing that's out there and
it could possibly save a lot of your
friends from having to take this test
again anyway thought I'd share that with
you if you need help by the way with
your IELTS join e to languages live
classes come along to our live classes
that we run every day learn how to write
these essays but I thought I'd share
that tip with you I think it's an
important one I think it's worth sharing
anyway I'll let you know if I get
straight nights okay good luck